[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
Hello, everyone.
It's Sasha.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Konnichiwa.
>> Welcome to the retreat, yes.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We can feel your excitement.
>> Hopefully, you
can feel ours too.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We have a big
party this year.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We have to say this year
a lot of those guys up there
really wanted to join.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Simply, your original
state of consciousness--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --is as just
one consciousness.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We represent it
with this eye here.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So there's really
only one consciousness--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --no separation whatsoever,
>> But that state of oneness--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --because
there's no duality--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --it's at rest.
>> And therefore at rest,
there's not much to do, yes?
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> It's only when you have
duality that energy begins
to move.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So much like when you
have a battery in one
of your recorders--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --it has a positive
end and a negative end--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --those two opposite charges
are what create the energy
source.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So when the one
consciousness separated--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --it created, in a
sense, opposite charges--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --that began the
process of separation--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --fueled by the conflict
between those two opposite
charges.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So you have
then fragmentation.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Now, it's important to
understand that when we say
this about fragmentation,
the mind thinks
of the fragmentation as
being something out there.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The one--
>> --creates a realm of
separation within itself--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --fragments.
>> Eventually the fragments
are the individual souls.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> But look at the way
we've drawn it here.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The one is still existing--
>> --because it's
your natural state.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Therefore the
fragmentation is an inner one,
not an external one.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So no matter how
far, so to speak,
you think you've separated
from the source--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --it literally
is an illusion.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> You are never ever separate.
>> OK, so here we have a human.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And the consciousness of the
human is really experiencing
something--
sorry for the pun--
alien to itself.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Because the natural
state is not separation.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And therefore, it's kind
of hard for a human to stay
separated.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So there is a mechanism that
keeps the humans separated.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The mechanism is the ego--
>> --the individual identity.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> That keeps the human rooted
and grounded in separation--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --so it can experience what
it's like to be separated.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> OK, so this human then is
hanging around on the Earth
plane.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The human does not know
about its true nature.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And the human looks
out at the stars.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And the human longs to
connect with the stars.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The human doesn't
realize those stars--
those beings out there--
are reflections
of him or herself.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> There's no separation.
>> So if the human then is
saying, oh please, spaceship,
please land in my backyard--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --how many have
done that, yes?
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> The human is still
interacting with the universe
as if other parts of the
universe are separate from
them.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And therefore, ET contact
can be somewhat frustrating.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> You're sitting in
your beach chair--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --calling them.
>> Maybe sometimes
you see something,
maybe sometimes you don't.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> That's like first
level contact work.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> But as you go deeper
into the contact work--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --you stop
looking out there--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --and you go inside.
>> So when you go inside then--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --you kind of have to
look at that ego, yes?
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Is the ego helping
the contact process,
or is it hindering
the contact process?
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And the ego kind of
carries around all of the old,
unhealed things.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So sometimes humans
get stuck there.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> But for many of you, we've
been doing this work with you
for many years.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And through those many years,
we've been guiding you to go
beyond this human level--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --the human
level of separation.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So in the last few years,
we've begun drawing this map.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> We call it a quantum map--
>> --because it's representing,
in a sense, the pathway--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --from the human
level back to the one--
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> --and how contact work can
help facilitate that process.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> All right.
Finally, we're here.
>> Yes.
>> All right.
And we're in Japan.
>> We're in Japan.
Can you believe it?
>> This is very cool.
>> I know.
>> So we talked about
this last year--
>> Yes.
>> --during the first interview.
>> And just experienced
your contact event, so cool.
>> Did you have fun?
>> I had a lot of fun.
>> Great.
It was very cool.
And I have had several months
to digest our last sitting.
And from that
experience, and also
the worldly things that
have been going on,
I've formulated a
bunch of questions
that I wanted to sort
of do a quick follow up.
>> OK.
>> A lot of them actually were
answered during this event.
>> Oh.
>> Which was cool.
>> That's interesting.
Synchronicity?
>> Synchronicities.
And maybe I'll just go a little
more in-depth in some of those.
But, yeah, I guess, if you
want to just jump on into it?
>> All right.
>> OK.
>> Give you your
time that you need.
>> It doesn't take
that long, as you know.
>> Yeah.
>> All right, Hello,
it's Sasha again.
>> Hi, Sasha.
Thanks.
>> Wonderful to see you.
>> Yes, thanks for this weekend.
>> You're very welcome.
Quite a show this weekend, yes?
>> Quite a show, yes.
Well, and I guess it's
just maybe the timing
of the energies
with the solstice
and, like you were
saying before,
what's sort of needed
on the planet right now.
And it's very cool to sort
of have these synchronicities
with my own meditations
and journeys
and work and see the
crossovers and overlapping.
It's just all confirmation
and a lot of fun.
>> Yes.
>> So from our last discussion,
a lot of questions arose during
the editing and the
process and release.
And I wanted just to sort of do
a little quick follow-up today.
I know before when we talked
about the Pleiadian history
a little bit and
where they came from.
But I guess a big question on
my mind that sort of hasn't
been clearly answered
was about the Pleiadian
DNA in the humans.
>> Yes.
>> I know we all
share this same DNA.
And then today I got
a bit of information
which was the first
time for me hearing,
you said at the closing, that
there's the Lyran energy mixed
in with the Pleiadian energy.
And I know humans also have
the Lyran-- is it "Leer-ahn"
or "Lye-rahn"?
>> It doesn't matter, yes.
>> --backgrounds and energies.
And I'm guessing, is
that pre-Atlantis states?
>> Oh, yes, yes.
>> And that's what it
sort of spread out.
I was wondering
if you could just
go into detail a little
bit about the DNA lineage
and then the reasons for
Pleiadians coming in the way
that you guys are coming here
now and helping with our,
quote, unquote, "ascension."
>> Yes.
>> I know that where is
not really the way it is.
But that's sort of what
we're using during this time.
>> Yes.
Well, of course, as with
all galactic history,
it's a long story, yes.
So we will attempt to summarize.
As you know, much
of the information
that we've given in the past
having to do with the Lyrans
is that they are some of
your oldest forefathers.
And from the point of
view of Lyran history,
there was a split,
which is very common,
a split in their lineage.
So you could say that one group
continued on the trajectory
of their evolution.
And they became a lot of these
very ancient civilizations
like Polaris, Big Dipper,
Cygnus, places like that.
But there was another
group that split off.
And they wandered
around for a while,
but they eventually
found their way
to the Earth's solar system.
This would have been
in very ancient times.
So man was primitive
at that time.
It would have been what you
call the in-between period
of Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon.
There's kind of
an overlap there.
And at that time, this group of
Lyrans, they colonized Earth.
And a lot of those colonies
were in what is now considered
to be northern Europe.
And these Lyrans lived on
Earth for a very long time,
many generations.
But as they were
flourishing here,
they were aware that
obviously Earth was not
their home planet.
The gravitational
field was different,
the oxygen content was
different, things like that.
And so they took some DNA
from some of primitive man
at that time purely
to kind of tweak
themselves to adapt to some
of these Earth conditions
in a better way.
>> OK.
>> OK?
So over time then,
that Earth DNA--
the very primitive Earth DNA--
became part of their identity.
Now also, if you have an
external civilization that
comes and colonizes a planet,
over many generations,
really the frequency
of the planet
does help to change
their DNA too.
OK.
So you're having several
influences there.
All right.
So many generations-- many,
many, many generations--
are passing.
And at this point it
was fairly peaceful.
At this point, Earth
Lyrans, we've called them,
were living here
peacefully on the Earth.
But at one point let's
say the conflicts
from outside your solar
system began coming to Earth.
So this is when, you might
say, competing groups came.
>> Would this be the Anunnaki?
>> Yes.
In the broad sense, the
Anunnaki were those offspring
from some of the royal
races, if you will,
or the progenitor races
originally from Lyra and also
from Vega but then
became other species.
So there were a lot
of those kind of--
we don't want to
say battles, that's
a little bit more dramatic--
more like political situations.
It became very uncomfortable
for those Earth Lyrans
to live on Earth.
So regrettably,
they chose to leave.
I see.
>> And this is when they went
toward the constellation that
you know of now as Pleiades.
So we have said many
times that we're
not from the seven
stars, Pleiades,
but in the direction
of the Pleiades.
But when ancient man would
ask us where we were from,
we would point
toward the Pleiades.
So that's how my particular
lineage of Pleiadians
has ancient earth DNA.
>> The urge or the wanting to
help the humans ascend or go
at this point,
what is the drive?
Is there karma involved?
>> Well, going back to that
time period then when the Earth
Lyrans were here, they
formed a bond with early man.
Now, not the same kind
of bond as if they
were a more advanced species.
But basically there was a sense
of protection, a sense of love,
and the sense of potential for
who these early humans could
become.
Now throughout time, there
have been other ET groups
here visiting, taking
some DNA, we have to say,
and leaving, not so much
at this point settling.
So these Earth Lyrans were
really the first ones.
So because of that bond, when
they had to leave the planet,
it was surprising
to them that it was
very heart rendering for them.
They did not want to leave.
And so they made a
promise to themselves,
and to the collective
consciousness of ancient man,
let's say, that there would
always watch out for them.
So that's really
where it comes from.
>> And does this go back to the
days where humans would think
the Greek gods and the mythology
of the gods in the sky.
>> Yes.
>> Are those gods then
Pleiadian, I guess,
based in the majority of--
>> Lyran.
>> Lyran, OK.
>> There are two royal
houses, let's say.
And again, these are our labels.
Maybe if someone else has
another source of information,
the labels are different, but
the basic idea is the same.
Two royal houses--
one from Lyra and one,
we say, from Sirius,
though it is Vega lineage.
So those two royal houses
tended to be in conflict
with each other.
>> But they're
sort of the same--
>> Well, they come
from the same source.
>> Same source, yes.
So do you on your
planet and you still
conflict with each other, yes.
Well, this is i true, yeah.
is that conflict now
because that was so ancient?
>> Long gone.
Long gone, OK.
Long gone.
>> Sort of that--
>> Yes.
However, you were asking
the question about karma.
And we'd like to answer that
question from the point of view
of dropping a stone in a
pond and you see the ripples.
Even though the consciousness
of those original beings
has long ascended,
however, the impact
of their struggles and
their karma, so to speak,
has rippled through time.
So if you look at
your planet now,
you have still kind of
an idea of royal houses
or different factions that
are still kind of playing out
those territorial disputes.
>> I see In a energetic way?
>> In an energetic, but it
manifests through the systems
on your planet.
So it's not like you
know there are overlords.
We know that that's some stories
that are told, manipulating
the chess pieces on the board.
These are very old echoes of
old dynamics that are still
playing out in the ripple
through the hologram,
so to speak.
And they're working their way
out on Earth at this time.
>> And would this go into--
I sort of have a new base
of understanding of reality
with energies and archetypes.
Would this be like an archetypal
energy going to its source?
>> Yes.
As the archetypes
play out on Earth,
you can see some very direct
connections with this.
The royal house of Lyra,
very often on your world
was depicted as lion.
>> Yes.
>> So royal families, yes?
The royal houses of Sirius,
which is Vega lineage,
very often depicted as serpent.
So dragon in the east.
Snake in the west.
And the royal families
of what was once--
well, you could say Pleiadian--
is usually a bird, whether
it's eagle or condor.
Things like that.
>> And that's where we get
our mythologies from the sky
and astrologies and
everything else.
>> Yes.
And the whole idea
of the giants those
were usually Lyran species.
>> Oh, OK.
>> They tended to
be very much larger.
>> I see.
Are there any remnants
of the original Lyran
species left now, in current--
or I don't want to say now.
I know time is a little--
>> Yes.
>> But does that still exist?
Is it accessible?
>> When you say remnants,
do you mean skeletons or--
>> Well.
>> Because that's a whole
other thing we'd like to say.
>> Yeah, maybe that's what
all these giant skeletons are.
>> OK, yes.
>> But I was actually thinking
of versions of that frequency,
that density--
version of that race.
Does it still exist
somewhere in the cosmos?
>> Which race?
>> The Lyran, the old Lyran
race that was the beginning
of the Pleiadians.
>> Yes, they exist but
very different now.
And of course younger because
the originals already ascended.
>> OK.
That's what I was thinking too.
>> Yes.
We want to insert
something here because it's
connecting to something
you asked about earlier
about the Lyran connection.
You know, for example,
there were little bodies,
little skeletons found
in South America.
>> Recently, yes.
>> And there were DNA tests.
>> Yes, it's still
ongoing at the moment.
>> OK.
And at least what
was released publicly
is saying there's nothing
showing it's not human,
or something like that.
>> Oh, OK.
This is from a couple years ago.
>> Yes, a couple years ago.
>> Yeah, I actually know the
geneticist who did the analogy,
yes.
>> OK, well this goes back to
what we were talking about with
you before.
Everyone is connected to Lyra.
So it is going to seem
like they're not alien.
>> I see.
>> They're you in another form.
Yeah, there was
a lot of junk DNA
that the geneticist
was going through.
I forgot his name.
It slipped my tongue.
But after the movie
"Sirius," which
was sort of highlighting
that experiment,
came out, at the end the full
DNA test hadn't been done.
But I saw him
several months later,
and he told me in a private
meeting that what he could find
was human so far.
He couldn't tell
you any difference.
>> Yes, yes.
Of course he would find that.
>> Yeah.
I've interviewed
some other people
who make claims that
they're hybrid, for example,
mantis human hybrids.
And everybody out there in
the UFO communities says,well,
go get a DNA test.
And they all say,
well, it's probably
going to be nothing different.
You know, what are we
going to find different?
>> There might be from time to
time genetic anomalies you will
find.
>> Right.
>> But as we were talking in
the workshop a few hours ago,
about this idea of the
DNA on the light level.
And that's where DNA is sourced.
If you have, so to
speak, a dead body,
you don't have the capacity
to test the light DNA.
It's a shell.
So you're basically testing
the DNA of the shell.
If you had a live body--
well, it wouldn't be a body
if it was alive, would it?
But if you had the life being
and you had the capacity
to test DNA beyond what
your capacity is now,
then you would see variations.
>> I see.
>> But again, not
huge variations.
>> Sure.
Interesting.
Well, I guess we're
all made from stardust.
>> Exactly.
>> So I guess it all
comes back to that.
For Pleiades and their
symbols, today we
saw the symbol of
the hybrid seventh,
the seventh hybrid race.
Would the Pleiadians--
do they have
a symbol that they use in the
Galactic Federation of sorts,
like a patch or an insignia
that they put on their ships?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Didn't we say before it's
not like, "Star Trek," yes?
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> We understand the
spirit of your question.
For the Pleiadian races,
much like what we just
said a couple of minutes
ago, we resonate with avian.
>> Oh, OK, so feathers.
>> So winged beings.
>> I see.
>> Yes.
>> Or even symbols of wings,
or that kind of thing.
>> Yes, or flight.
So we would say there's not just
one symbol, because there's not
just one of our--
>> Pleiadians, yeah.
>> --there's many groups.
But that's a common flavor.
>> I see.
And is there a specific design
of ships that you prefer--
more rounded or cigar shaped?
>> Actually, a lot of the
time it depends on the era
of Pleiadian.
>> Oh, OK.
>> OK.
So we talked to you a
little bit before last time
about the Billy Meier contacts
and the Semjase era, which was
the typical sports model, yes?
>> Right.
And that for you guys
was ancient times.
>> It's ancient technology, but
we often can take that shape
as a message to the
viewer if needed.
>> I see.
>> Generally at
this point, though,
there is a lot of
plasma ships going on.
>> Oh, OK, interesting.
>> Because plasmic energy can
move through the quantum much
easier.
>> And plasma then would change
form all the time, right?
>> It can change form and color.
>> More organic--
>> More organic, yes.
>> --and less metallic.
>> Yes, yes.
>> So when we see these
plasmic looking orbs--
well, you know,
we call them orbs,
but they're actually
like pulsating light.
Then these are actual ships?
>> It can be.
It depends on the situation.
>> OK.
>> But yes.
>> And they can take on more
of a hard physical form at some
point?
>> Yes, when you see them
in the plasmic state,
it is the state between
states, let's say.
So it's the state between
hyperdimensional travel
and physicality.
And usually we hang
out in that state often
but take on the
physicality if needed.
>> OK.
There's a lot of craziness
going on, on the planet
right now with the energies--
>> Really?
>> --and things like that.
>> We hadn't noticed.
>> You hadn't noticed?
[LAUGHS] A lot of polarity,
which I'm assuming--
based on this weekend's
conversation, out of polarity--
once you can sort of find
that balancing point,
comes the evolution,
comes the alchemy.
>> Yes.
>> Which was very informative
and spot on for the times.
>> Paradox in the middle, yes.
>> The paradox in the middle.
But also it was said, I think,
earlier this year, you guys
said that because
of all of the chaos
that contact right now
is like lighting a fire.
Or it's like kindling
in a fire situation
and that there would be--
I guess maybe in groups
like this it's OK--
but in a larger global
sense, everybody's
looking for that
disclosure moment.
>> Yes.
>> Where are we at energy-wise?
Are we still in that kindling?
>> Yes.
But there's also still--
there's kind of two
camps, as you well know.
There's the camp
that understands
that the awareness about your
connection to the universe
is going to come from
the grassroots level.
And it's going to come through
a shift in consciousness.
And it's going to
come from the groups
like you've had this weekend
that are doing the work.
They're doing the
grunt work really.
And then there's
the camp that thinks
that the release of the papers
and the proof and all of that
is what's going to shift it.
But that can never
shift consciousness.
It's not that it's
a negative thing.
But as you well
know, secrets are
kept compartmentalized
on your world.
At this point,
mirroring the level
of consciousness on
your world, you're
only going to get
compartmentalized revelations.
>> That was my revelation with
the production of the Citizen
Hearing and my involvement
in that, which was great.
And it's a library
of information
for people to access.
>> Yes, it is.
It's still raising
consciousness.
It's still raising awareness.
But it alone will not do it.
>> Exactly.
And that's when I
started shifting
into this kind of work.
>> Yes.
This is more your
style, my dear.
>> This has more benefits.
So what do we have to
look forward to, I guess,
in the sense of just
sticking to the grass roots,
sticking to the energy, creating
the wormholes and the energy
and the vibration
for this to happen?
>> Yes, the type of energy and
experience that you had this
weekend is really more of what
you're going to see and deeper
and deeper and deeper.
But again, still small pockets.
>> I see.
>> However, those of you
in those small pockets take
the energy outward, and
then it cedes more readily.
>> So less lights in the sky
and more lights in our dreams?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, not less
lights in the skies,
less emphasis on the
lights in the sky.
As you saw this weekend,
the work you did
was not focused on looking
for the lights in the sky.
But in the end, you had
some tangible proof,
if you wish to share that.
But it wasn't the focus.
So less attachment to
the lights in the sky,
maybe still enjoying it.
But the necessity-- and it
is an absolute necessity--
for the inward contact to
be built, as you well know.
>> Absolutely.
>> Just to go back to
the discussion about--
you said you're not
necessarily from the Pleiades
but from that direction.
>> Yes.
>> Recently, a channeling came
through from a being that said
that they were from not
the Pleiades but in that
direction--
>> OK.
>> --but further away, further
away beyond the Pleiades star
system.
Is that you guys?
>> Well, we spread far and wide.
So at the peak, there
were 250 colonies-- ish.
So there's a lot in the
direction of the Pleiades.
>> I see.
>> Yes.
>> Well, the message I came
through was that future
humanity actually helped
them with some technology,
with some minerals--
not minerals, but some metals
or some sort of technology.
It was like far future
humanity that they were saying.
>> There's a lot of exchange.
You know, there's been a
lot of help obviously given
to you since your inception.
But as you evolve,
you give a lot
of help back to a lot of races.
>> Oh, I see.
I see.
And not necessarily ones that
we're interacting with now.
>> Correct.
>> Future ones that are
yet to be discovered.
>> Correct, yes.
>> And that's sounds
kind of like "Star Trek."
>> Yes.
There are some "Star
Trek" overlays, yes.
>> But not in the physical
sense that we see third,
fourth density reality now.
It's become more-- is our
perception of reality,
as it's shifting
now, going to shift?
>> Yes.
Perception of reality
will shift tremendously
away from a rigid, nonfluid,
linear, time-based reality.
And that changes everything.
>> Is that the fifth
dimension then?
>> Well, here we go with
the density dimension thing.
We don't use the
dimension thing.
>> I see.
>> We find it
confusing for many.
We use the density thing.
So our understanding is
many people talk about it
as the shift to fifth dimension.
We call it fourth density.
>> Fourth density, yeah.
That's sort of the,
since our last talk too,
is clarifying the densities.
For the show, I have sort
of a density dimension
graph or explanation that I
use and I do in panels now.
>> Excellent.
>> Sort of going by our
scientific community,
and our scientists measure our
reality now as fourth dimension
with spatial up,
down, left, right.
And then space time
being, as Einstein
said, the fourth
dimensional component
to our fourth
dimensional reality.
And then the way I understand
the fifth dimension would
be going outside the
linear sense at home
and understanding our
reality in a nonlinear sense.
>> Yes.
And we would also
say the beginnings
of holographic
understanding of yourself
as the dimension itself.
>> Right.
So and once we understand
that, then we can jump--
jump dimensions, jump timelines?
>> Yes, yes.
But this is the
perception thing again.
It's not like you say,
today I'm going to jump.
It's like a fluid way of
moving through the energy that
is intuitive and organic
rather than flipping
a lever on a "Star
Trek" panel, you know?
>> Going through the wormhole.
>> Exactly.
>> Creating warp drives.
>> But it's a wonderful way
to help the understanding.
>> I see.
So all of these warp
drives and these things
are just metaphors--
>> Metaphors.
>> --for a more future energetic
perception of reality that we
just haven't gotten to be
able to perceive it that way
because of our third
density perception?
>> Yes.
>> Fourth dimension rather.
>> So you take steps.
>> Right.
>> Little steps, and your
understanding increases along
the way.
>> I see.
>> Yeah, which just
the past couple years,
mine has been blown away.
And it's just like,
whoa, I think--
and just when I
think I get it, I
get a new piece of information.
>> Well, it is accelerating too.
>> Right, yeah,
the entire planet.
And our technology--
I love following the
developments in technology.
And you know, our
scientists just
created time crystals
which is literally
manipulating time
for these particles
to be able to sort of self--
it's a new state of
matter, so they say.
And they're basically
going into the quantum,
manipulating energy in the
quantum and bringing it back.
And then now this
new state of matter
is being able to be produced
that's sort of influenced
by time in a different
way because we're
able to program it that way.
>> Yes, this is a bridge.
It's a bridge to
quantum consciousness.
But right now, the whole
idea of spiritual--
you could call it spiritual
technology or quantum
technology-- is
necessary to help
you understand the concepts.
But eventually, if you
look, for instance,
at the Zetas of the
future, this is all organic
within their consciousness,
and they no longer
need technology to do it.
>> And before they
did need technology,
in the earlier Zetas?
>> Yes, yes.
>> And I sort of see
there's different camps.
There's the spiritual side.
And then I follow both
the technological side
with quantum computing and
the developments there.
That would be more the Zeta--
for Zeta, you know,
very intellectual
going into those realms.
>> And of course, we
don't have to say it,
but your forefathers have
already been down the road
of pure technology
or pure mentality.
It is a dead end.
So one of the reasons for a
lot of the spiritual work done
on your world, even with
this type of contact retreat
and things such as
that, is to help
you see there is another
road that is not a dead end.
So you don't have to go down
the same road as the Zetas did.
>> Sure, absolutely.
And they sort of came
here with that message--
>> Yes, exactly.
>> --to let us know that.
>> Exactly.
>> And eventually, I guess, with
the nukes and nuclear weapons
is that--
that's eventually where--
>> Yes.
That's actually a
very good analogy
because that's a dead end too.
>> Sure.
And now we're messing with
quantum time crystals which
is a whole another
form of technology that
doesn't seem to have
the negative ripples
that the other
technologies have.
>> It has kind of a
safety mechanism built
in, so to speak.
>> That's very cool.
>> Once you go into the quantum,
you cannot maintain separation.
You cannot maintain
egoic desire.
So there's only so far you can
go into working in the quantum
if it's coming from
an ego motivation.
>> I see.
>> So some of these other--
the Draco reptilian energies
don't work in those
realms that much?
>> The quantum realms?
>> Yes.
Or I'd say the AI reptilians
and those in that--
>> It depends on--
there's such a variety.
>> --the archetypal energy
of control mechanisms
and separation.
They don't work with that
sort of technology that much?
>> It depends on the era.
It depends on the
specific species
because there's so many.
>> I see.
>> But there have been some
species who attempted to cling
to physicality very tightly,
refusing to leave polarity.
And when a species does
that, their consciousness
narrows very dramatically.
And to them, it
seems like power.
To those looking, it
seems like certain death--
certain suicide-- because you
cannot maintain that separatist
energy indefinitely.
>> Right.
Eventually, it just
dissipates into a nonphysical,
into a nothingness.
>> Yes.
>> I wanted to ask about the
quarantine on Earth that I
heard was lifted
in 2012, so to say.
There's been different
discussions about this.
And I'm using other information
that I've gotten and collected.
So I may be off here.
But it is my
understanding that Earth
was under a quarantine up until
sort of the December 21, 2012
time.
And now this quarantine
has been lifted.
And now we're able
to interact with all
these different energies
and all this stuff.
>> We're bursting.
Let us say something.
>> Please.
Sorry.
>> No, we're teasing you.
Our perspective is different.
>> OK.
>> It's a little bit rebellious.
But the idea of quarantine
is another kind of one
of those "Star Trek"
ideas in the sense that--
well, let's say two things.
It's a little bit of
a "Star Trek" idea,
but it is also part of an
ancient memory from Orion.
Within many, many, many of
those very dark times in Orion,
there was, what we've called
it in the past, an Orion net.
All right?
Which basically
kept consciousness
locked so it could not explore.
That's a whole other--
we don't want to go off
into that because that's
a whole other story.
However, on Earth, you bring
a lot of those Orion memories.
And very often
they get translated
into spiritual
information that we
see is a little bit distorted.
Now, we mean no
disrespect, of course,
to anyone who's
teaching about this.
But energetically, in terms
of the one consciousness
that you are, it's really
impossible to quarantine anyone
because you would
have to quarantine
every single dimension
and every single timeline
and every single probability.
And it doesn't work
that way, as we see it.
However, we sense
that the people
who were talking about
this quarantine idea
were reading an energy but
perhaps interpreting it
in a slightly distorted way.
>> I see.
>> Which is normal, because
humans at a certain level
of evolution would naturally
interpret the polarized energy,
the energy of separation,
as a quarantine,
as something coming
from outside.
But being that all
of you are still,
whether you're aware of it
or not, connected to the one,
and you are that one
consciousness, no one
outside of you can ever do
anything to yourself anyway.
Now, it may play out like a
drama as if it's happening.
But it isn't really happening.
So we're going off.
We get kind of excited
about this idea.
>> No, no, that actually
connects to my next question.
>> All right.
Then we'll let you go.
>> I had sort of this download,
maybe it was almost a month
ago, prior to the solstice,
the last full moon,
of I guess sort of a quarantine
situation of more of like
putting a fence around a garden
and protecting the garden from
getting eaten by animals.
>> Yes.
>> And then I guess my
revelation was am I protecting
the garden?
Doesn't the garden
have free will
to just go and flourish
and be what it wants to be?
And don't the animals have their
free will to come and eat it?
You know, am I
imposing a free will?
You know all this
loop, the paradox.
>> Yes, the paradox.
This is actually one of
the biggest paradoxes
that humans have to resolve
within themselves as you move
from third to fourth density,
which has to do with can you
control your reality?
Can you put a fence
around the garden
and actually control
what happens?
The ego wants to believe, yes.
The reality is no because the
ego itself is an illusion.
>> So does that--
>> Kind of, yeah, it was sort
of by doing so are we imposing
the free will of the universe
by putting fences around things?
Was there a free
will imposement--
I don't know if that's a word--
where--
>> Yes, but we have to say
something about free will,
because you are hitting a lot
of the buttons that we like
to talk about.
>> OK.
>> The concept of free will
only make sense from the point
of view of egoic consciousness.
>> I see.
>> So from the
point of separation,
the idea of being controlled
or being free is the only realm
in which it makes sense.
>> OK, I get it.
>> So again, this is another
thing you're going to evolve
out of.
When people say it's a
free will this or that,
that's an egoic perception.
And so that can be kind of
confusing for a lot of people.
Again, today in class,
we drew the big self
and the little self.
>> Exactly.
>> The little self, because
the little self is polarized,
believes in the idea of
control versus victimization.
The big self sees that there is
a whole organic process going
on, everything
happening as it should,
despite how the egoic
human perceives it.
And we mean no disrespect
by saying that.
>> Yeah.
You know, humans always have
the question about the chicken
or egg, which came first?
>> Exactly.
Which of course, as you
know, is a linear question.
>> Yes.
And it's both.
This is the paradox.
This is the alchemy.
This is-- yeah.
And we covered this
a lot this weekend.
So, thank you.
You know, and my first
introduction to all of this,
which blew my mind, was
about abduction scenarios.
And I remember having this
conversation with Wendy Kennedy
and she said to me,
it's a soul contract.
And that just threw
me for a loop.
And that was what really
got my wheels turning
and got me into everything,
because on that level, when
you go into that
expanded quantum level,
the soul signed up
for the agreement.
So there is no
impediment of free will,
et cetera, et cetera.
>> Exactly.
But the ego cannot
tolerate that idea.
>> It can't.
[LAUGHS] It wanted to know
what came first, the chicken
or the egg?
>> Yes, yes.
>> I was going to ask
about the quantum map.
And I saw that diagram
actually in the new book
that you did some channelings
for my buddy, Miguel Mendoza.
>> Ah, yes.
>> And that was my first time
actually seeing the quantum map
diagram.
I was like, oh my
god, that's amazing.
That's exactly how I--
if I could draw a diagram of
how I see things, it was very--
I don't know.
I had one of those aha moments.
>> Well, we do have to give
credit where credit is due.
We have drawn the
childlike version of it
with Lyssa's art skills.
The beautiful version,
with much more detail,
was done by Tosh Anestos.
And it has a lot more
information in it,
even than what we've channeled.
But we're happy that
you connected with it.
>> Since we're in Japan, I
did want to bring this up.
And we mentioned this a
little bit before with Reiki.
The symbols of
the Reiki symbols,
are they cosmic in their origin?
>> Of course--
>> Everything is--
>> --we can't reveal it, yes.
>> Oh, OK.
>> But the main symbol that
has something to do with
the spiral?
>> Yes.
>> Absolutely universal.
>> OK.
>> And as you know, and
especially for the viewers that
might not know, the mountain
in Japan, Kurama-san,
or Mount Kurama, is where
Osui-san channeled the Reiki
for the first time, the
information and the system.
However, the energy
of Mount Kurama
has had ET contact
for millions of years.
So it's a very, very
significant, let's say,
pilgrimage spot, especially
for energy workers.
>> Recently, I took a journey
there back in September and had
a little UFO sighting.
So I figured that was--
>> Oh, yes, it's a big area
for UFO sightings, for sure.
>> Very cool.
Going into the symbols and
language, some people now--
it seems more
often than before--
are sort of channeling
light language,
or they're calling
it light language,
which is an audible almost
gibberish to the normal person.
But could you explain a
little bit about what that is?
>> Yes.
Well, again, there's
two tracks here, OK?
You have those
practitioners who are well
versed in the light language.
And of course, our definition
might be different than theirs.
But we see it as
an energy download
that can be expressed into the
physical reality in a nonlinear
way.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So even though
there's language,
and maybe sometimes people
write it, or they speak it,
it's manifesting in the physical
reality in a nonlinear way
so that the listener or the
reader can connect with it,
receive the download.
But what they receive goes far
beyond linearly reading a book.
>> I see, OK.
>> And often, it has lots of
codes that unlock at the right
time.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Now some-- taking a
totally different tangent--
some new channeling
students sometimes
connect with light
language as a way
to train their
ability to channel.
And for some people, it's
a little less intimidating
than having to bring
through information.
And it's a good way to train
the channel energetically.
And sometimes it
disappears, and then they
are able to channel in
their native language--
Earth language, that is.
>> Sure.
It's interesting
because a friend of mine
recently had that experience.
Channeling potentially for
the first time, started off
in a language--
what appeared to
me because I had
heard light language before--
and then sort of turned into an
actual physical conversation.
>> Exactly, exactly, yes.
>> Interesting.
>> We've had a lot of
channeling students--
Lisa's channeling students--
go through a training process
using light language as like
training wheels on a bicycle.
>> Interesting.
>> Not that it's
always like that.
But for some it is.
>> And from what I've heard,
it tends to sound similar.
It's interesting.
Maybe it's just the
frequency of vibration,
but even from different
people from different speaking
languages--
different cultures,
different languages,
having different
backgrounds-- still
speak this light language that
has a very similar feel, tone
to it.
>> Yes.
Well, you know you look at--
well, it's interesting,
light language.
But the light frequency, or
excuse us, the light spectrum
has many frequencies.
And sound is one.
So sometimes sound can
represent a light frequency.
And you're going
back, back, back,
back then before physical
beings spoke a language.
But you're going back to,
maybe you might call it,
primordial sound.
>> I see.
>> Which is more representative
of the universe itself.
>> So closer to an archetype?
>> Archetype, exactly.
>> I see.
Does your civilization
still use words and sounds
like that to talk?
>> Yes, when needed.
>> When needed, OK.
>> When needed.
>> But is it mostly telepathic?
>> Half and half,
or maybe 60-40.
>> I see, OK.
60 being talking?
>> Telepathic.
>> Oh, telepathic, OK.
>> But humans' version-- humans'
understanding of telepathic,
again, is like "Star Trek," yes?
You see the alien
sending it, yes,
and then you hear the sound.
And it's not like that.
It's more-- perhaps Bashar
calls it telempathic?
>> Telempathic, yes.
>> It's like a knowingness of
the communication that's being
given back and forth.
>> So like another set of
information and in addition
to physicality expressions
and facial emotions?
>> Yes.
>> It's like the sixth
sense or something.
>> Here's a simple
example for you.
You have maybe a very
close partner or spouse.
And you know each other
so well that sometimes you
don't have to speak.
And you know, you can
communicate almost all day
without speaking.
But extrapolate
that to a planet.
>> Right.
So everybody's at that level?
>> Yes.
>> Awesome.
Well, I'm just reading
my last question here,
which was pretty much
going into the [LAUGHS]
seventh [INAUDIBLE].
It's so interesting how
that got answered today.
I'll read the
question, but it's sort
of a repeat of what
today I was just saying.
Could you look into the
future of humanity--
which I'm sure you guys get this
question all the time and then
roll your eyes--
[LAUGHTER]
>> We humor you.
>> --and looking into fourth,
fifth density humans and how we
might be shepherding other
civilizations as you are
shepherding us into
these higher frequencies?
>> Yes.
>> In humanity's future, who
will humans be genetically
connected to?
>> We're curious what
your answer is, actually.
>> My answer is we
will find out, I guess.
I figure that's what
you're going to say.
>> Yes.
>> You can't open
our presents for us.
>> Yes, but also it's not
fixed because it really depends
on the trajectory that you
take with your evolution.
>> I see.
Which then leads to
the question of--
and this will be sort
of the last topic
question of the evening--
the individual and
the collective choice.
I know individually
we have the choice
to jump into whatever timeline
we want to, so to say.
But yet on a collective
level, humanity
is on its own timeline based
on its energetic frequency.
>> Humanity itself
is a collective.
So even if individuals
jumped ship, so to speak,
the collective carries on.
So it carries on in whatever
trajectory the momentum
is moving toward.
>> I see.
>> So we don't know if
that quite answers--
>> Well, my understanding of
the quantum human collective is
that it's infinite in
its choices of timelines
and directions and
everything else.
>> Yes, yes.
>> So the individual human--
me, for example--
having this experience
in this human collective
reality, as it sits right now,
I'm only able to have
this experience because
of the vibration of
my individual self
is vibrating in conjunction with
the human collective experience
at this now moment.
Is that how it works?
>> Well, here's the thing.
[LAUGHTER]
When humans say the
individual self,
the question is, are
we talking about--
you know where we're
going with this?
>> Yes, I do.
>> The small self,
which is an illusion?
>> Right.
>> Then does the
illusion get a choice?
That's the question.
>> I see.
>> Ultimately, it is always
the big self making the choice.
The ego does not like that idea.
But you will
eventually learn to not
accept it grudgingly
but welcome it,
because that is when
you can really surrender
into your true nature.
And that's where the peace is.
>> So myself trying to vibrate
a specific frequency right now,
so I can have this
human experience--
>> It's coming from here.
>> That's the ego.
>> Yes.
>> That's the ego
saying, you know,
I want to have this experience.
>> I want this.
>> I want this, so I'm going to
do everything I can to vibrate
at this experience.
I'm going to ohm and meditate.
>> Yes.
You're in a sense
getting in your own way.
>> And then when I'm part of
the human collective, as is,
and then to fully embrace that
as opposed to trying to focus--
I guess, it's kind of
a little bit of both.
But instead of that individual--
see, I always begin--
thank you for clarifying.
The individual part
of me was like, well,
I can make anything happen.
>> Yes, old school metaphysics.
>> Which is the old
school metaphysics.
>> Yes.
>> I create my
reality, which I do,
but on a bigger perspective.
>> On a bigger perspective, who
is the one creating reality?
It's certainly not the
illusionary ego self.
>> Right.
OK, that makes a lot more sense.
>> Darn, right?
Yes.
>> Yeah.
Well, no, I mean, it's great.
It's cool because
then it's now I
can release of
that attachment to,
oh, I have to ohm in at
this time and do this.
>> Yes, yes.
>> You know, my rigidness of my
schedule of trying to be this
perfect resignation, vibration
to have this experience.
>> It doesn't mean not
to do your practice.
But do your practice with
joy, not with rigidity.
>> Yes, that's perfect.
And I think we'll end with that.
So thank you for always
coming in and sharing
and for this awesome
event again this weekend.
And please say hi to--
is it "Hee-doh-key?"
"Hee-doo-key?"
>> Ah, your--
>> My counterpart.
>> Yes.
>> If he's around.
>> Well, you know what
we're going to say that.
You can say hello
to him yourself.
>> I can say it, yes.
>> In fact, he said
hello to you last night.
>> Oh, he did?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, when we were out there?
>> Awesome.
>> So there you go.
>> Great.
Thank you.
>> All right.
We so enjoy your
questions all the time.
>> Thank you.
>> And much love to you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]